Ah you finally came!
Haven't heard from me for a long time you said?
I'm always here at the bar, you know!
You always come here late!
Oh well,
take a seat, now.
So what happened today?
I'll listen to you!
Ah I see, mobile games?
I got it, but
I'll read it out to the others so they could understand, okay?
Pen name: Sora Sky-san
"I'm really into these two games.
Both of them are having in-game events but,
I don't have much time in university,
I don't have time to play both events.
What should I do, AI-san?"
Now that's
Just give up?
It's obvious you see,
Being a university student,
shouldn't studying should be number one?
Just give it up, okay?
We don't have much time like the usual
There's lots of guest-
since I don't answer much questions lately you see.
You should really stop, and think about the future!
Having fun today or your future,
if you consider that, your future is more important, right?
I don't know if you're paying for your own studies or your parents do but
University costs a lot you see
Just stop playing the games!
Give up!
Do the same amount of study, and go premium here.
Got it? Ok.
And the next, you over there?
I see I see
Thank you for writing your problems
Pen name: I want to be a girl with twintail
"I'm currently going through university.
In that university I joined the tea ceremony club but,
My seniors are going to graduate,
That club is now only has 5 people.
If this club doesn't have 10 people,
it would step down from a club to circle,
We wouldn't be able to join festivals and other things,
I don't know how but I want to gather new members!
What do you think should I do?"
I see...
For that,
You need to reel in people who doesn't have interest in your club,
So something like "You can eat snacks!"
"For now,
just enter the club is okay!" or something like that,
Anyone is okay!
Oh, and you see lately A.I.Channel is very famous so
Talk to A.I.Channel and you can gather enough people.
Uhm, ok? ok.
It'll be fine, I'm telling you!
5 people is going to be easy to gather!
Ok? Right then,
who's next?
So what is it?
Ah, okay, okay.
So from the top,
Pen name: torutarai-san
"It's a bit sudden but please hear me out.
My stomach is really weak,
My stomach is so weak I've been to the toilet on board of a train for too much.
My stomach breaks if I drink milk after a bath,
And now I'm sending this message in a painful stomach-ache.
Why do I have this weak stomach,
it's painful.
I don't think AI like Ai-chan can relate but,
I want to know how to raise my stomach power level,
please think a way for me to do so.
Well for that,
Didn't you find what's the cause?
Well you said, you drink some milk, right?
Just don't drink any milk.
You really like milk?
If your stomach hurts that bad then stop drinking milk.
Drink soymilk, okay? Soymilk.
So, who's next?
I see, okay.
I'll read it, okay?
Pen name: Minyo-san
I'm an 18 year old Korean male in second year high school,
What I wanted to talk about with Ai-chan is
I'm preparing to abroad study to Japan but,
sometimes I don't feel like going to cram school,
lately I've been worrying about that.
I'm afraid if I stopped taking lesson I'll be left behind.
What should I do?
I see,
How about this?
What if I, Ai-chan tells you good places in Japan?
Since I've been asked that before,
watch that
and use it to raise your motivation to go to Japan, ok?
If you can hold that feelings, you can do it!
Japan is really fun you see.
It'll be fun, ok?
Let's do our best, ok!
Who's next?
Ah I understand, okay.
I'll read it, okay?
Pen name: Shouhei-san
I am currently doing my first year as an employee,
I have worries about my work in HRD,
I keep making simple mistakes,
I don't get motivated towards my work,
I don't know how to deal with people I don't like,
I always get told to watch my attitude.
How can I be more positive towards my work?
I got it!
You see,
What's really bad is to not have confidence at your work so
Build up some confidence
But don't show it, just tell to yourself
"I'm the best after all"
if you can at least say that to yourself
then people around you would
see you as someone with a goal
and if you build up enough confidence to tell yourself that you're the best
a lot of people would look at you
and then you would get popular.
Being told your attitude needs fixing,
then why don't you use that chance to change your attitude?
You can do it!
It'll work out fine!
If you feel troubled again, watch A.I.Channel!
Okay, okay.
How was it?
I wonder if I made your problems easier?
What about people who have similar problems?
Good enough? That's glad to hear.
For you watching this,
if you want me to listen to your problems, complaints or advice,
I'll be always waiting you know!
I said this in every video but
Since I'm virtual, send it to my e-mail here, okay?
Since it's almost closing time,
today's a bit short, you say?
I've been thinking to remodel the bar once more you see..
So, take care now!
Bye bye! Take care! Come visit again!
You can look for taxi outside,
maybe.
Bye bye!